this wonderful celebration and we're so
very glad that all of you could join us
here tonight as we get underway to hear
the president oh my gosh excuse me hello
I'm sorry I'm right in the middle of an
event its whoo it's God
on the phone for me how did he get my
number oh god has everybody's number
okay
yes I'll hold yes god yes sir I'm right
in the middle of a the president's
coming yes sir he sure is oh yes sir
he's here too he is you uh you uh you
say you you want you need an autograph
oh for Samson I understand yes Lord and
you know you know God this is a pretty
big event we've got a lot of people and
I've only got a very short time here oh
you've got all the time in the world I
understand yes Lord and you want me to
deliver a message and that would be yes
sir well we wanted yes sir we want to do
what's right and our president does and
we're behind him yes sir we sure are and
we yes sir we know you don't take sides
in the election but
but if you did we kind of think you'd
hang in there with us Lord we really do
yes sir we'll pass those good words on I
see you talked to the president and he
talks to you anyway so that's and we
know that and we know that yes sir take
care of the family and marriage and the
people of America and all the people and
the children and yes sir I can tell you
every one of us are committed to doing
that and a whole army of people out here
and we pledged we'll do our very best to
do that sir yes sir well thank you for
blessing me and we'll bless you too
thank you and thank you
you